Support k8s secret/configmaps as smallrye config locations (#14896)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/deploying-to-kubernetes.adoc

quarkus.kubernetes.config-map-volumes.my-volume.config-map-name=my-secret
----

==== Passing application configuration

> Smallrye supports passing configuration from extenral locations. This usually requires additional environment variables or system properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quarkus supports passing configuration from external locations (via Smallrye Config). This usually requires setting an additional environment variable or system propertiy.
```

When you need to use a secret or a config map for the purpose of application configuration, you need to:

- define a volume
- mount the volume
- create an environment variable for `SMALLRYE_CONFIG_LOCATIONS`

To simplify things, quarkus provides single step alternative:

[source,properties]
----
quarkus.kubernetes.app-secert=<name of the secret containing the configuration>
----

or

[source,properties]
----
quarkus.kubernetes.app-config-map=<name of the config map containing the configuration>
----

> When these properties are used, the generated manfiests will contain everything required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When these properties are used, the generated manifests will contain everything required.
```
